POL-730 Azure Unused Volumes bugfix (#1130)
flexera-public/policy_templates: cost/azure/unattached_volumes/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v4.1

> - bugfix for logic reguarding activity log and what constitutes as unattached/unused. Changed logic to verify that activiies lenght is 0 rather than using "toBeDetached" keyword

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
- bugfix for logic regarding activity log and what constitutes unattached/unused. Changed logic to verify that activities length is 0 rather than using "toBeDetached" keyword
```
